HOST APARTMENT VALIDATION REACT PROJECT HACKER RANK Implement apartment hosting field validation in the hosting form. The MERN-based travel application built with the React frontend and Node.js backend allows users to browse book and host rental properties. Currently, the apartment hosting form does not enforce field-level validations, which can lead to submission of incomplete or invalid data. Your task is to implement frontend validations to ensure that all the form fields are accurately and appropriately validated before the user can submit a new apartment listing. This is purely a frontend task as it deals exclusively with the user input in the React interface. If foreign data is sent to the backend, the code repository may intentionally contain other issues that are unrelated to this specific task. Please focus only on the described task required and address bugs or errors directly associated with them. FUNCTIONALITY Add validation to the Title field. Add validation to the Description field. Add validation to the Amenities section. Add validation to the Price field. OK. Number 1. Add validation to the Title field. Add validation to the Limit input to a maximum of 30 characters. Display the error message exceeding 30 characters limit if exceeded. Second, add validation to the Number of Guests field. Accept only values between 1 to 20. Display the error message Limit exceeded. Range is 1 to 20 for out-of-range inputs. Third, add validation to the Description field. Require the text length to be between 30 and 200. Display the error message should be between 30 and 200 characters if the requirement is not met. Fourth, add validation to the Amenities section. Require the user to select at least one amenity. Display the error message at least one amenity should be selected if none are chosen. Add validation to the Price field. Accept values only between $50 and $1000. Display the error message should be between this range if the value is out-of-the-bound. Last, ensure all validation triggers both in real-time on input and on form submission.